docs: add parallel rail section + split config page (#1295)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Guardrails: docs/user-guides/configuration-guide/guardrails-configuration.md

```{note}
Input rail mutations can lead to erroneous results during parallel execution because of race conditions arising from the execution order and timing of parallel operations. This can result in output divergence compared to sequential execution. For such cases, use sequential mode.
```

The following is an example configuration for parallel rails using models from NVIDIA Cloud Functions (NVCF). When you use NVCF models, make sure that you export `NVIDIA_API_KEY` to access those models.

```yaml
models:
  - type: main
    engine: nim
    model: meta/llama-3.1-70b-instruct
  - type: content_safety
    engine: nim
    model: nvidia/llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-content-safety
  - type: topic_control
    engine: nim
    model: nvidia/llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-topic-control

rails:
  input:
    parallel: True
    flows:
      - content safety check input $model=content_safety
      - topic safety check input $model=topic_control
  output:
    parallel: True
    flows:
      - content safety check output $model=content_safety

>       - topic safety check output $model=topic_control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - self check output
```

Topic safety check output does not exist, we can use self check output but if the example must use nemoguard NIMs then we cannot demonstrate parallel output rails usage.

  - `50`

* - streaming.enabled
  - When set to `True`, the toolkit executes output rails in streaming mode.
  - `False`

* - streaming.stream_first
  - When set to `False`, the toolkit applies output rails to chunks before streaming them to the client. Setting this field to `False` avoids streaming blocked content chunks.

    By default, the toolkit streams chunks as soon as possible and before applying output rails to them.
  - `True`
```

The following table shows how token count, chunk size, and context size interact to determine the number of rails invocations.

```{csv-table}
:header: Input Length, Chunk Size, Context Size, Rails Invocations

512,256,64,3
600,256,64,3
256,256,64,1
1024,256,64,5
1024,256,32,5
1024,256,32,5
1024,128,32,11
512,128,32,5
```

Refer to [](../getting-started/5-output-rails/README.md#streaming-output) for a code sample.

(parallel-rails)=

## Parallel Execution of Input and Output Rails

You can configure input and output rails to run in parallel. This can improve latency and throughput.

### When to Use Parallel Rails Execution

> 

Reviewer 2: Need to add some text at the top saying while in theory any rails can be run in parallel, the current support is restricted to the two templates we provide in the docs (with links to those templates).

Author: The templates are within the same section, and I'm uncertain about adding another link would be helpful. I believe users will find them soon as they read top to bottom.

Reviewer: Let's not limit them to those two examples

> - Use parallel execution for rails that perform external API calls or content safety checks with high I/O latency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Use parallel execution for rails that perform external API calls to LLMs or third-party integrations.
```

Author: Rephrased a bit. PTAL

> - Enable parallel execution if you have three or more independent rails without shared state dependencies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Enable parallel execution if you have two or more independent input or output rails without shared state dependencies.
```

- Use parallel execution in production environments where response latency affects user experience and business metrics.

### When Not to Use Parallel Rails Execution

> 

Reviewer 2: Add a comment saying if you're not using one of the two template configs (or a subset of them) then parallel execution may not work

- Avoid parallel execution for CPU-bound rails, as it might not improve performance and can introduce overhead.
- Use sequential mode during development and testing for easier debugging and simpler workflows.

### Configuration Examples

> To enable parallel execution, set `parallel: True` in the `rails.input` and `rails.output` sections in the `config.yml` file. The following configuration examples are tested by NVIDIA and show how to enable parallel execution for input and output rails.

Reviewer 2: Please add a note to export `NVIDIA_API_KEY` to access NVCF models

```{note}
Input rail mutations can produce non-deterministic results during parallel execution due to race conditions in the execution order and completion timing of parallel calls. This behavior may cause output divergence compared to sequential execution. The following examples demonstrate configurations that maintain deterministic behavior in parallel mode.
```

**Example 1**

```yaml
models:
  - type: main
    engine: nim
    model: meta/llama-3.1-70b-instruct

>   - type: content_safety

Reviewer 2: Replace with NVCF-hosted content-safety rather than localhost local hosted one

```
  - type: content_safety
    engine: nim
    model: nvidia/llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-content-safety
```

    engine: nim
    parameters:
      base_url: "http://localhost:8123/v1"
      model_name: "llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-content-safety"

>   - type: topic_control

Reviewer 2: Replace with NVCF-hosted content-safety rather than localhost local hosted one

```
  - type: content_safety
    engine: nim
    model: nvidia/llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-topic-control
```

Author: Do you mean the following, with  `type: tocpic_control`?
```
  - type: tocpic_control
    engine: nim
    model: nvidia/llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-topic-control
```

    engine: nim
    parameters:
      base_url: "http://localhost:8124/v1/"
      model_name: "llama-3.1-nemoguard-8b-topic-control"

rails:
  input:
    parallel: True
    flows:
      - content safety check input $model=content_safety
      - topic safety check input $model=topic_control
      - jailbreak detection model
  output:

>     parallel: True

Reviewer 2: Does it make sense to have parallel: True for only one output rail?

Author: Please provide a better configuration with multiple outputs. I used the config as is from the links you shared, and didn't want to touch it cause I can't test and verify on my mac. I don't have access to any other testing environment.

Author: closing after accepting @Pouyanpi 's suggestion

    flows:
      - content safety check output $model=content_safety
```

**Example 2**

```yaml
models:
  - type: main
    engine: nim
    model: meta/llama-3.1-70b-instruct

>   - type: llama_guard

Reviewer: I think one example is clear enough as it is just the matter of setting Parallel to True. And llama_guard is quite outdated. would you please remove this?

Author: They looked the same to me as well, but @tgasser-nv suggested to add the two examples (templates as he call it) explicitly. @tgasser-nv would you comment on this?
